# DGL Kaggle Competition: SuperBLTGraph by GrafT-Heory
This is the repository of the Kaggle Competition team GrafT-Heory. The team members are Yasmine Hemmati, Alex Iordachescu, Hugo Frelin, Igor Sadalski and Alan Piccuci. Our model has the name SuperBLTGraph, which stands for Super Brain Low-resolution Transformation Graph, but also refers to the sandwich arctitecture of the network.


### Instructions:
By running submissions.ipynb, on trains our model using 3-fold cross validation, with results being plotted, and then lastly trains it on the full dataset. The final training also saves an example kaggle competition csv. The notebook is ready to be run as is, one only needs to adjust the paths to the data files.

### File descriptions:

- **submission.ipynb**: The notebook in which all results can be recreated, displaying how one would train and test SuperBLTGraph.

- **MatrixVectorizer.py**: Contains the class MatrixVectorizer which allows for easy conversion of matrices to vectors and vice versa.

- **model.py**: Contains the layers of and the full model developed, named SimpleBrainNet.

- **processing.py**: Contains data processing functionality necessary to train and run the model.

- **train.py**: Contains the training loop for which SimpleBrainNet is trained.

- **utils.py**: Contains helper functionality such as functions for loading data and plotting results.

- **predictions_fold_1.csv, predictions_fold_2.csv and predictions_fold_3.csv**: Contains the prediction made on test split during 3-fold cross validation. Can be recreated by running submission.ipynb.

- **requirements.txt**: Contains all required packages to run the code.

- **3_fold_results.png**: The scores and metrics generated by running submission.ipynb.
